I ordered around everything we can on
its the fight this Dragon Knight the
reminder favor little kick warning on it
is I'm too young to change the sword so
I practice with my fists oh hey watch me
punish my father says I'm too young to
change the sword so I practice with my
fists run will be in your day like I
said her little pretty strong guy father
says I'm too young to change the sword
feel I practice with my fit the order
sought thought keep your hands of
yourself oh oh yeah okay father says I'm
too young to train with a sword so I
practice with my fists more so than
normal if something really should be
done yes yes take care of it professor
whatever
the kids really kick last
they say Ulfric Stormcloak murdered the
hike link
terrible at power
fear not come dragon or giant will be
ready I know your family's honor to you
but we can't afford it it took me weeks
to find that thieves death I can't stop
now you tried mercenary work it might
suit you I can teach you a few things
right so you're willing to starve your
wife and daughter to reclaim some rusty
old sword I just need to hire one maybe
two good men you know what's wrong with
skyrim these days i'll put it anymore
you clean yourself or you can keep your
right eye I don't happen it's no fun
getting pushed around all the time what
does a little can't do for fun around
here well I used to sneak out at night
and try to tip over the big ox and the
gray mains yard moo moo I used to climb
up on the roof of dragons reach and look
for birds eggs but I don't do that stuff
anymore father keeps catching me and
then I get in trouble please spank you
if they make you squeal all right ten
septums tomorrow baby battleborn I'm
gonna bloody your nose and your lip no
please I really don't have any money
great girl doll give you two scepters
tomorrow